---
date: 2024-11-17 08:14:06 +01:00
title: "Week 46: Raw-dogging"
draft: false
tags:
- weeknotes
- recovery
- YouTube
- raw-dogging
- compartmentalization
---
- After the swelling in my ankle postponing it with a week, I was finally able to have surgery on my left ankle on Wednesday! I'm surprised by how pleasant the whole experience was. Post-surgery, I'm in very little pain, and I've been able to leave the Oxycodone in its designated box. Four days later, aside from the anti blood cloth pill, I'm raw-dogging recovery. 
- My pre-surgery phase lasted longer than expected, all because I didn't understand what "keep your foot up" really means. I'm trying my hardest now to keep it elevated above my heart, and that seems to be working. Just might make it to Paris after all.
- In this interstitial state between lying in the road with a triple ankle fracture and running, I find myself learning all sorts of sweet things. Like how excellent Anja and I collaborate in a crisis. How cozy it feels to write in my journal with my head under the covers so as not to wake Anja. How much better I feel if I just let myself rest enough. 
- It seems everyone's getting covid again. I was so bummed and embarrassed to miss our annual corporate event at work, only to learn that it was a complete super spreader, _again_.
- Failing to use this recovery phase for reading and listening to audio books, I instead find myself turning to body cam footage of American police officers cracking down on abusers, murderers, neglectful parents.
- It's cute to see how Lemonade responds to my cast, crutches, and wheelchair. We've made a little den for her underneath my night stand, because she keeps wanting to lie next to me. What a precious thing, to love and be loved by a dog. 
- All in all, I'm surprised I've managed to keep all weight off of my left foot. I've always had the tendency to compartmentalize life (and forget I had made plans with two separate friends after school, for example), and something told me there'd come a time when I forgot I am not to stand on my left foot. So far, so good!