---
title: "Week 3: Beaming"
section: posts
share: true
date: 2024-01-21
tags:
  - weeknotes
  - All Saints
  - finance
  - Bar Bario
  - television
  - church service
---

- In the evenings, we're continue our journey with [Better Call Saul (2015-2022)](Better%20Call%20Saul%20(2015-2022).md). Midway through season 3, it's finally beginning to get a firm grip on our attention span again. I loved the debut of Gus Fring, the way he lingers in the background, out of focus, voiceless, before *landing*, so to speak. I find this one of the finest roles in television history.
- Less reading this week.
- Struggling with discernment this week: what do I do when following Jesus when it gets hard interferes with my boundaries and sense of safety
- Beaming at work 
- Beaming at home
- Sunday is *amazing*. First, I meet Kélian for a drink at [Bar Bario](Bar%20Bario.md). I met him at [Omek](Omek.md) and was inspired by his relationship to money. He gave me great tips and a few resources to boot. I aim to make 2024 the year in which I learn to be more comfortable in my relationship with money.
- Sunday continued at Bar Buka, where I met Erin for a drink. She, in an act of bravery the level of which I will never possess, left her Canta unlocked. I was able to open the door and take out the keys. I admire people who have such faith in the city of Amsterdam and the people who inhabit her.
- Erin and I eventually made it to church, which was surprisingly full. I met Rev. Jacque Williams, who is apparently [running a great thing](https://anglicanchurchtwente.com/home/who-what-where/chaplain.html) over in the part of the country I tend to avoid.
