---
title: "Week 48 of 2025: Mozzarella sticks"
date: 2025-11-30 09:26:59 +01:00
tags:
  - weeknotes
  - coworkers
  - meditation
  - music
---

Attended the PhD defense of our dear friend [Dr. E](https://www.uva.nl/shared-content/uva/en/events/2025/11/contraceptive-contestations-digital-contraceptive-practices-and-the-renegotiation-of-knowing-and-caring-in-reproductive-health.html) on Monday, which was a reminder that the intersection of academic research on "the Internet" and product research is a sweet place for me to be. Anja spotted our family physician on the opponents' council and yelped in enthusiasm.

Completed my introductory course in zazen meditation at the beautiful [Zen Center Amsterdam](https://zenamsterdam.nl/). Eager to continue a weekly practice, which proves great for mind, body, spirit.

Things are calmer at work now that I have wrapped up three major projects, one of which let me explore research skills far beyond the realms of the service and product design context. Spent my workdays engaged in promising data strategy questions, liaising with various coworkers.

On Thursday, a bunch of coworkers and I went laser tagging. I had forgotten how competitive I get, and stopped counting after the twentiest f-bomb that I hurled at the head of a person I had just managed to hit. In came in fourth and then sixth of out twenty. Afterwards over drinks, I made the mistake of having mozzarella sticks, and so I spent the night in absolute physical terror, and called in sick on Friday to recover.

On Saturday, my coworker and I went for dinner and a show, and the show was the matinee performance of another coworker's orchestra at the Rode Hoed. I miss the oboe, the trumpet, the saxophone, and I want to pick up the French horn.
