---
title: "Week 1: hibernating"
date: 2025-01-04 07:49:01 +0200
tags:
  - weeknotes
  - broken ankle
  - television
  - painting
---
I made it home after seven nights at the hospital! Staying there between Christmas and New Year's really wasn't as horrible as you'd imagine. I figured: if anything happens, I'm already at the hospital, anyway.

Still, I should confess that I was excited to be released from the presence of my hospital neighbor, a dentureless elderly woman with [severe bowel problems](/2025/01/06/08/19/46/) whose sounds were revolting. If you're wondering how petty I am for focusing on _that_ instead of my own fracture-related infection, imagine what Anja's life is like.  

This time around post-surgery, my wounds are healing beautifully, and I've been gaining the confidence to put pressure on my feet again. A sweet development was putting on an actual pair of shoes for the first time since late October.

Bedridden during my hospital stay, I discovered a new hobby: [drawing on my iPad](/2025/01/03/painting-fjords/). Every time I google "Procreate", I'm overwhelmed with my perceived lack of talent. I've learnt a new trick, though: don't draw what other people have drawn. Pick a photograph and draw that, instead. 

At home, things quickly settled into a sweet rhythm: sleeping in until 7:30 A.M., Anja and I hang around the house, playing around with our digital planners, _Curb Your Enthusiasm_, the technical nurse comes every day at noon to renew my antibiotics pack. Simple dinners.

I feel grateful for the Dutch healthcare system. I know, both personally and professionally, that there's much to be improved. Still, this very specific scenario in which I find myself has me work with deeply concerned doctors, attentive nurses, and the luxury of having someone check on me every day.

A good first week.